1. The first screen you will see would be the Welcome Screen. 
   It will greet you with Welcoming Message, banner displaying image 
   of the sun coming out of the clouds, and explanation of 
   the purpose of the app. That is to provide you with the weather 
   information for the location of your choice. 

   Please, press any key or 'enter' to continue as prompted on the screen.

2. The next screen you will see is the user's name input screen. 
   You will be greeted with an emitation of the typewriter typing at a speed 
   a weather idiom. 
   
   The opportunity to enter your name will be presented to you emidiately 
   after the typing is done. 

-  INPUT YOUR NAME and PRESS 'ENTER' to continue as prompted on the screen.
-  You will be presented with welcoming message.
-  Please, press any key or 'enter' to continue as prompted on the screen.
   
   Please, don't press any key until the typing is done. Because if you do, 
   it will not interrupt the typing, but it will add the value of the key 
   you have pressed to the pattern of the banner, and , also, be recorded 
   as a part of your name. That will result in the name that is not yours 
   or name in a wrong format.
   
   If in order to speed up typing of the banner, instead pressing any key, 
   you press 'enter', it will be recorded as a part of your name.
   That will result in 'error' message, and you will be asked 
   to enter your name again. 
   
   Your name must be at least 3 characters long, but no longer than 
   10 characters, include only letters, no numbers or special characters.
   The name format is not case sensitive. 

   If you enter your name in a wrong format, 
   you will be asked to enter it again.   

3. The next screen you will see is the M E N U.

-  Please, read menu and choose where you want to go 
   by entering one of the options: a, b, c, d, or e.
-  Press 'enter' to continue as prompted in the message.
 
   Pressing any other key will not you allow to continue and program will 
   continue to ask you to enter one of the options: a, b, c, d, or e.

   Pressing 'enter' without entering any of the options will not allow you 
   to continue and will repeatedly reprint input request message.

4. Next screen you will see will display message informing that in order 
   to obtain the weather in the location of your choice, you will need to 
   enter the location. 

-  Enter CITY of you coiceand press 'enter'.
-  Enter COUNTRY of your choice and press 'enter'.

-  not case sensitive
-  no numbers or special characters
-  spaces are allowed
-  if you enter city or country in a wrong format, 
   you will be informed that something is wrong and asked to enter it again.
-  all entries will checked for the meaning and if an address in any way 
   related to the location you have entered is found, you will be asked 
   if that is the location you want to use.

  For EXAMPLE, if you enter 'London' as a city, and 'London' as a country,
  you will be asked if you want to use the location that was found:
  Charles I, Charing Cross, St. James's, Covent Garden, City of Westminster, 
  Greater London, England, SW1A 2DX, United Kingdom (Is this the location 
  you wnat to use? (y/n))
  
  ONE MORE EXAMPLE, if you enter 'Vic' as a city, and 'Tom' as a country,
  you will be asked if you want to use the location that was found:
  Tom Wills Interchange, Monash Freeway, Dandenong North, Melbourne,
  City of Greater Dandenong, Victoria, 3170, Australia
  (Is this the location you wnat to use? (y/n))

   To confirm the location if you want to use found location, 
   enter 'y' or 'Y', to enter new location, enter 'n' or 'N'.

   After you have entered a new location and confirmed it, you will be 
   presented with the weather information for the location of your choice.

   After you have pressed any key or 'enter' to continue as prompted 
   on the screen, you will be presented with the M E N U again.

5. Choosing option 'b' will display information about the weather 
   components used in the program. 

   It is presented in a form of a continuous text. 
   To read it, press any key or 'enter' to continue as prompted 
   at the bottom of the screen.

   For you convenience, the text is divided into paragraphs. 
   Name of each new Weather Component and important information 
   about has been CAPITALISED. 

   Also, for your convenience, end of Weather Component description 
   is marked by the notification message 'This is the end of the 
   weather components explanation.' in green color.

   Pressing any key or 'enter', as prompted at the bottom of the screen,
   will bring you back to the M E N U. 

6. Choosing option 'c' will display information about previous searches. 
   The infromation is presented in a form of the table with 6 columns:
   - 1st column is the name of the user who has made the search
   - 2nd column is the date of the search
   - 3rd column is the time of the search
   - 4th column is the name of a City of the search
   - 5th column is the name of a Country of the search
   - 6th column is the maximum temperature for the day of the search 
     in the location of the search

   The table is sorted by the date of the search in the descending order.
   The is no lemit on the number of searches that can be stored in the table.
   If the no searches have been made yet, the table will be empty and you 
   will be informed about it and asked to make a search.  

   Every time you make a search, the table will be updated with the new
   search information and whan you choose option 'c' again, you will see
   the updated table. The screen allways displays the most recent searches, 
   hence, the end of the table will be shawn on the screen. If you wish to see
   the beginning of the table, you will need to scroll up using tne mouse.

   DO NOT USE arrow 'up' and 'down' keys, or 'page up' and 'page down' keys 
   to scroll up and down the screen, as doing so will result in you being
   taken back to the M E N U.

   For your convenience, at the bottom of the table you will see the 
   notification message 'This is the end of the table. 
   You can now go back to the main menu.' in green color. 

   Pressing any key or 'enter', as prompted at the bottom of the screen,
   will bring you back to the M E N U.

7. Choosing option 'd' will display INSTRUCTIONS for the program. 

   It is presented in a form of a continuous text. To read it, 
   press any key or 'enter' to continue as prompted at the bottom 
   of the screen.

   For you convenience, the text is divided into paragraphs and 
   sections are numbered. 

   Also, for your convenience, end of Instructions is marked by 
   the notification message 'This is the end of the instructions.
   You can now go back to the main menu.' in green color.

   Pressing any key or 'enter', as prompted at the bottom of the screen,
   will bring you back to the M E N U.

8. Choosing option 'e' will allow you to exit the program. 

   If you choose to exit the program, you will be presented with the 
   Goodbye message and the Banner, and the program will exit.

   The message and the banner will be displayed on the screen and pressing 
   any key or 'enter' will not interrupt the display.

   In an event that you would like to return to the Weather App,
   you will need to restart the program. To do that, you just need to press
   orange 'Run Program' button located emidiately above the program display 
   area.

