TEMPERATURE
is a physical quantity expressed in degrees. 
It is measured with a thermometer calibrated in one or more temperature scales. 
The most commonly used scales are the Celsius scale (formerly called 
centigrade) (°C), Fahrenheit scale (°F), and Kelvin scale (K). 
The kelvin (K) is the unit of temperature in the International System of Units 
(SI), in which temperature is one of the seven fundamental base quantities. 
The Kelvin scale is widely used in science and technology.

MAXIMUM TEMPERATURE
is the highest temperature recorded between sunrise and sunset, 
regardless of the time of observation. 

MINIMUM TEMPERATURE
is the lowest temperature recorded between sunset to sunrise, 
regardless of the time of observation. 

The maximum and minimum temperatures are usually recorded during 
the 24-hour period from midnight to midnight.

HUMIDITY
is the amount of water vapor in the air (in other words it is 
wetness in the air). Too much or too little humidity can be dangerous. 
For example, high humidity combined with hot temperatures is a combination that
can be a health risk, especially for the very young and the very old.

Humidity plays an important role in our daily weather. 
Without water vapor in the air, our weather might be like the weather on Mars. 
Could you imagine life without clouds, rain, snow, thunder, or lightning?

Absolute humidity is the mass of water vapor divided by the mass of dry air
in a volume of air at a given temperature.

Relative humidity (RH) is the ratio of the partial pressure of water vapor
to the equilibrium vapor pressure of water at a given temperature.
Relative humidity depends on temperature and the pressure of the 
system of interest.

Humidity is the concentration of water vapour present in the air. 
Water vapour, the gaseous state of water, is generally invisible 
to the human eye. Humidity indicates the likelihood for precipitation, 
dew, or fog to be present. 

The amount of water vapour needed to achieve saturation increases as the 
temperature increases. As the temperature of a parcel of air becomes lower 
it will eventually reach the saturation point 
without adding or losing water mass. 

The amount of water vapour contained within a parcel of air can vary 
significantly. For example, a parcel of air near saturation may contain 
10 g of water per cubic metre of air at 30 °C, 
but only 2.5 g of water per cubic metre of air at 8 °C.

PRECIPITATION
is any product of the condensation of atmospheric water vapour 
that falls under gravity. The main forms of precipitation include
drizzle, rain, sleet, snow, graupel and hail. Precipitation occurs when
a portion of the atmosphere becomes saturated with water vapour, so that
the water condenses and "precipitates". 

Thus, fog and mist are not precipitation but suspensions, 
because the water vapour does not condense sufficiently to precipitate. 
Two processes, possibly acting together, can lead to air becoming saturated: 
cooling the air or adding water vapour to the air.

PRECIPITATION PROBABILITY
is the probability (likelihood) of precipitation occurring at a given 
location within a given time period. 

It is often expressed either as the probability of precipitation occurring 
at any point in the area or as the probability of precipitation occurring 
at a single point in the area. 

Precipitation probability is predicted by a complex set of equations 
based on observations of humidity, wind speed, wind direction, 
and thermal gradients. Measurements of these variables are used to 
calculate the probability of precipitation. 

Precipitation probability is often expressed as a percentage. 
For example, a 60% chance of precipitation means that there is a 60% 
chance that precipitation will occur at any point in the area.

PRECEPITATION PROBABILITY MAXIMUM
is the highest probability of precipitation occurring at any point 
in the area during the 24-hour period from midnight to midnight.

ATMOSPHERIC PRESSURE 
is the force exerted by the weight of air on a unit area of surface.
The Earth's atmosphere exerts pressure everywhere on the planet's surface.
Pressure is measured in hectoPascals (hPa), also called millibars. 
Standard pressure at sea level is defined as 1013hPa, but we can see large 
areas of either high or low pressure. These areas are all relative 
to each other, so what defines a high will change depending 
on the area around it. 
It is measured with a barometer in units of millibars (mb) or kilopascals (kPa).

On a weather chart, lines joining places with equal sea-level pressures 
are called isobars. Charts showing isobars are useful because they identify 
features such as anticyclones (areas of high pressure) 
and depressions (areas of low pressure).

HIGH and LOW PRESSURE SYSTEMS cause the day-to-day changes in our weather. 
In a high pressure system, air flows away from the center of high pressure,
and winds tend to be light and variable.
In a low pressure system, air flows towards the center of low pressure,
and winds tend to be strong and gusty.

Areas of high and low pressure are caused by ascending and descending air. 
As air warms it ascends, leading to low pressure at the surface. 
As air cools it descends, leading to high pressure at the surface.
In general, areas of low pressure are associated with wet weather 
and areas of high pressure are associated with dry weather.

ANTICYCLONE & DEPRESSION are the names given to areas of high and low pressure.
Anticyclone (high pressure)
In an anticyclone (high pressure) the winds tend to be light and blow in 
a clockwise direction (in the northern hemisphere). 
Also, the air is descending, which reduces the formation of cloud and 
leads to light winds and settled weather conditions.

Depression (low pressure)
In a depression (low pressure), air is rising and blows in 
an anticlockwise direction around the low (in the northern hemisphere). 
As it rises and cools, water vapour condenses to form clouds and 
perhaps precipitation. This is why the weather in a depression is 
often unsettled, there are usually weather fronts associated with depressions.

WIND SPEED or wind flow velocity
is a fundamental atmospheric quantity caused by air moving from 
high to low pressure, usually due to changes in temperature. 
It is the speed of air moving past a given point.
Wind speed is measured with an anemometer in units of miles per hour (mph),
kilometers per hour (km/h), or knots (kts).

Wind speed is now commonly measured with an anemometer. 
Wind speed affects weather forecasting, aircraft and maritime operations, 
construction projects, growth and metabolism rate of many plant species, 
and countless other implications.

WIND DIRECTION
is reported by the direction from which it originates. 
For example, a northerly wind blows from the north to the south. 
Wind direction is usually reported in cardinal directions or in azimuth degrees. 

Wind direction is measured in degrees clockwise from due north. 
Therefore, a wind blowing from the north has a wind direction of 0°; 
a wind blowing from the east has a wind direction of 90°; 
a wind blowing from the south has a wind direction of 180°; 
and a wind blowing from the west has a wind direction of 270°.
So, a wind blowing from the north-east would have a wind direction of 45°.


WIND GUST
is a sudden, brief increase in the speed of the wind, 
usually lasting less than 20 seconds. 
It is of a more transient character than a squall, which lasts minutes, 
or a cyclone, which can last for hours or longer.

A gust is a separate event, whereas a squall is a whole range of conditions. 
Gusts are usually reported in knots or m/s. 
Wind gusts generally occur near the trailing edge of a rain shower 
or thunderstorm, and are associated with downdrafts or microbursts.
Gusts can also be associated with the cold front or the warm
sector associated with a tropical cyclone.

Gusts can also be associated with the cold front 
or the warm sector associated with a tropical cyclone. 

Wind gusts can be recorded when a station is experiencing calm conditions, 
when the wind suddenly picks up and then dies down again.

Wind gusts are measured with an anemometer in units of miles per hour (mph),
kilometers per hour (km/h), or knots (kts).

VISIBILITY
is a measure of the greatest distance that can be seen clearly 
from a given point at which an object or light can be clearly discerned. 

Visibility is primarily a meteorological tool for air quality. 
Meteorological visibility refers to transparency of air: in dark, meteorological
visibility is still the same as in daylight for the same air; however,
in dark, the human eye is less sensitive and objects are harder to see.

It is reported within surface weather observations and METAR code 
and is measured with a visibility sensor in units of meters (m) or
statute miles (sm), depending upon the country.

Visibility affects all forms of traffic: roads, sailing and aviation.

SUNRISE
is the moment when the upper limb of the Sun appears on the horizon
in the morning. The term can also refer to the entire process of the Sun
crossing the horizon and its accompanying atmospheric effects.

SUNSET
is the daily disappearance of the Sun below the horizon as a result
of Earth's rotation.

As viewed from the Equator, the equinox Sun sets exactly due west 
in both Spring and Autumn. 

As viewed from the middle latitudes, the local summer Sun sets 
to the north-west for the Northern Hemisphere, 
but to the south-west for the Southern Hemisphere.

UV INDEX
is an international standard measurement of the strength of
sunburn-producing ultraviolet (UV) radiation at a particular place and time.
The scale was developed by Canadian scientists in 1992, then adopted
and standardized by the UN's World Health Organization and World Meteorological
Organization in 1994. It is primarily used in daily forecasts aimed at the
general public, and is increasingly available as an hourly forecast as well.

The UV Index is designed as an open-ended linear scale, directly proportional
to the intensity of UV radiation that causes sunburn on human skin, 
(which is correlated with other health risks) due to UV exposure.

An index of 0 corresponds to zero UV radiation, as is essentially the case
at night. An index of 10 corresponds roughly to midday summer sunlight
with a clear sky when the UV Index was originally designed to measure
sunburn-producing UV radiation in the absence of cloud cover.

For example, if a light-skinned individual (without sunscreen or a suntan)
begins to sunburn in 30 minutes at UV Index 6, then that individual should
expect to sunburn in about 15 minutes at UV Index 12, and should avoid
the sun between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. when the UV Index is 12 or higher.